After divorcing his wife, a billionaire with
a successful career lives a simple but boring
rich life alone and does nothing except for
earning money every day, Until one day, he
received a special birthday gift, which has
made his life changed dramatically, and even
faced the end of life, What kind of gift is
it?
FILM TIME, a movie recapping channel brings
a classic thriller movie, The Game
The main character, Nick, is a billionaire
but lives alone, Today’s his 48th birthday,
and his brother, Sean, whom he hasn’t met
for a long time, sends Nick a membership card
to a game company as a birthday gift, He mysteriously
told his brother that the card will definitely
make him feel good, This year's birthday,
Nick is actually very irritable inside, because
his father jumped off the building to commit
suicide on his 48th birthday, This incident
has become a psychological shadow for half
of Nick's life, He had talent and power, but
was mean and indifferent and did not even
have a friend around, and one day when he
died, perhaps his brother Sean would be the
only one to come to collect his body, Thinking
of this, Nick was even sadder,
Later, Nick took his membership card to the
headquarters of the game company, the salesman
who served him was named Jim, Jim asked a
bunch of nonsense questions and did a whole
day of mental and physical tests on Nick,
which made Nick very impatient, When everything
was done, he went to a bar alone for a drink,
only to accidentally overhear two men at the
next table discussing a game designed by this
game company, Nick is curious and tries to
ask what is going on, but the two men only
tell him to enjoy, The next day he received
a call from the game company, Due to the failure
of the mental and physical tests, his game
was canceled,
He returned home slightly frustrated and found
a lying corpse in front of his villa in the
exact same position as when his father jumped
to his death, Nick carefully went up to check
and realized that it was not a real corpse,
but a clown puppet dressed in clothes,
He dragged the clown home and pulled out a
key in the interface with the word game company
printed on it, Just then, the news anchor
on TV suddenly tells Nick: Brother, the game
has officially begun, Nick is a bit confused,
but he soon discovers the mystery,
It turns out that the clown's eyes are equipped
with cameras, so the news anchor can talk
to him through the TV, The anchor finally
told Nick mysteriously: Brother, do not pursue
the meaning of the game, the meaning is to
find out the meaning behind it,
The next day, Nick had to fire an old supervisor
of the branch, The old supervisor had caused
the company's stock to plummet because of
bad decisions, which made Nick furious, The
supervisor bagged Nick to give himself another
chance, but Nick immediately asked him to
sign the termination contract, However, the
suitcase containing the contract could not
be opened, Nick pulled out the key obtained
from the mouth of the clown, but still couldn’t
open the suitcase, The matter of layoff can
only be discussed next time,
At the dinner, Nick got splashed with red
wine by a waitress, The waitress, Nana, had
just come to work at the restaurant, and Nick,
who was in a bad mood, could not help but
scolded her, The restaurant manager, to please
Nick, fired Nana on the spot and said this
meal can be free of charge, Who knows after
the manager just left another waiter handed
over a bill, Nick felt puzzled, but after
reading the bill, he panicked and rushed out
to catch up with Nana, He asked what the bill
was about, but Nana was even more baffled
and didn't want to talk to Nick,
Just as the two walked to the intersection,
an old man suddenly fell in front of them
both, Nick, though thought something was abnormal,
still called the emergency number, a police
car happened to pass by, Nick rushed forward
to stop it; the ambulance also then arrived,
the police let Nick and Nana get into the
car, accompanied the old man to the hospital,
They also needed to make a simple statement,
Nick took out the bill to explain why he had
chased Nana, It turns out the bill says to
let Nana go as well, which she guesses is
part of the game, Nana blanks Nick for being
downright old-fashioned in this way of finding
girls to pick up, Soon they arrived at the
hospital’s parking lot and the old man is
transferred into the emergency room, Just
as Nick and Nana are ready to leave, the garage
suddenly lost power and all the medical staff
and police around them instantly disappeared,
plunging the large space into total darkness,
It seems like the game company is behind it
again so Nick told Nana about his participation
in the live game, Nana doubted it,
Nick saw a keyhole on the elevator, and once
again pulled out the key on his body, and
it really worked, The elevator suddenly got
stuck halfway through, and they had to climb
out through the skylight to find out that
this was the headquarters of the game company,
Nick was so annoyed and couldn't help to curse,
The security guards did not say anything,
directly let the dog bite them, the two rushed
over the fence and jumped into a dumpster
to escape safely, Seeing Nana being innocently
involved in because of him, and he also made
a mess, Nick felt quite sorry, He invited
her to his company's lounge to clean up before
going home, After Nana took a shower, Nick
thoughtfully called a cab for her, Surprisingly,
Nana frankly told Nick that someone paid her
to splash red wine on him, Nick laughed at
this,
The next day, Nick woke up and received a
call from a hotel, telling him that his bank
card was left in the hotel, Nick was confused
and came to the front desk of the hotel to
get his card, politely said that the room
had been opened for him, Nick did not remember
opening a room at all, but after in the pockets,
he found a room card and decided to see it,
Nick found the room extremely messy, There
was some unknown white powder and a bunch
of racy photos of women, The woman in the
photos did not show her face, Nick panicked
and flushed the white powder into the toilet,
and put all the photos into the briefcase
next to it, He suspected that this incident
was the work of the old supervisor who was
going to be fired, This guy, even faked Nick's
sex scandal to threaten him, Nick drove out
of the hotel in a hurry to get his revenge,
Nick was followed on the way and lead the
stalker into an alley and found his personal
information and a pistol in the car, Nick
asked him if he was sent to follow him, but
the person left the car and escaped, Distracted,
Nick went to the old supervisor to get his
revenge but found that the supervisior already
resigned and even signed the termination contract,
It seems that the matter was again made by
the game company, and Nick has had enough
of this inexplicable game, He went back to
the company and flipped out the game and signed
the option letter before he started,
Because the game company promised that the
player could terminate the game at any time,
however Nick found the contrack is blank,
It seems that the words on it written in invisible
ink which will disappear without a trace once
the time was up, Nick also found a wrench
in the envelope and he put the wrench in his
pocket, As Nick thought back carefully what
he encountered on the day's, he suddenly remembered
the woman in those racy photos, even though
he couldn't see her face, the red underwear
is still very eyecatching, and Nick accidentally
saw Nana wearing the same underwear while
she was taking a shower in the lounge,
Thinking of this, he asked his subordinates
to call the cab company to find out Nana's
home address, At night, Nick returned to his
house and found The power had been cut off
and the walls were painted, and The clown
had a picture of his father's death scene
stuffed in his mouth, and a note writing “As
my father did, I choose to sleep long,”
This is not only rubbing salt in Nick's wounds
but also abetting his committed suicide, he
immediately called the police, and his brother
Sean suddenly appeared before the situation
was completely described, Sean looked terrified,
invited Nick to get into the car and apologized
that he shouldn’t have let his brother play
such a real-life game, He himself also participated
in this game, but it led him to a mental breakdown,
He tried to spend money to end it all, but
it simply did not work, the company asked
him to keep playing, The real purpose is unknown,
Just now, the car suddenly blew a tire, They
stopped at the side of the road,
Nick then find a tool to get out of the car
to replace the spare tire, As soon as they
open the locker, a lot of keys all printed
with the name of the company fell out, This
time, Sean can no longer calm down, he actually
suspected that the brother is also from the
game company, Nick rushed to catch up, but
Sean excitedly stopped to rebuke, hoping Nick
not to meddle and mind his own business, Nick
is usually very controlling which Sean has
long been dissatisfied with this, then, Sean
ran away again, Nick, Physically and mentally
exhausted, just stopped a cab to go home,
but the driver gradually deviated from the
route and drove directly into the river, Nick
then realized that the driver was also from
the game company, and the driver locked all
the doors before jumping out of the car, Nick
followed the car into the river,
At the critical moment, he found a wrench
in his pocket and eventually used it to open
the car door and escape, After getting out
of danger, Nick called the police again, But
the game company headquarters has already
been empty, the police did not find any clues,
and were not willing to intervene in the investigation,
After all, all Nick encountered are the result
of his own boredom, he can no longer count
on the police, Luckily, his assistant’s
side soon found out Nana's address, Nick came
to Nana's house, when Nana went to the bathroom
he looked around and found that the room was
not right, the label on the table lamp hadn't
been removed, even the books on the shelves
were empty shells, The pictures of Nana as
a child were actually cut out from random
newspapers, Nick directly asked Nana about
what was going on, Nana whispered to remind
him that there were cameras on the roof of
the fire sprinkler, Nick smashed the cameras
in anger,
Sudden someone shot from outside, a group
of masked killers directly killed over, Nick
and Nana panicked drove to escape, On the
way, Nana finally confessed that she was an
ordinary employee of a game company, This
company specializes in recruiting wealthy
members in the name of the game, with the
aim of extracting wealth from the players,
They will drive players crazy step by step
through the game and finally kill them, Nana
also reminded Nick to check his bank balance,
Nick did not believe this, he thought his
account was very safe, but Nana went on to
remind him if he had done a lot of tests and
signed a lot of papers before the game started,
This is how the game company deduces the player's
account number and password and imitates the
player's signature, then, they take away all
the deposits, It was the only point that made
Nick panic, At Nana's prompt, he dialed the
bank and reported her account and password,
The bank staff told Nick that his account
does not have a penny, it seems that some
companies really have a conspiracy,
Nick drove Nana to his country house, Nana
made hot tea for Nick, A few time later, Nick
passed out then, It seems that Nana had put
drugs in the tea, The game company speculated
that the player account number and password
are all bullshit, Why they asked Nick to call
to check the accounts is to get the password
and account, When Nick woke up, he found himself
lying in a broken coffin, After he struggled
to climb out, he realize that he was in Mexico,
He was penniless and had no passport, but
luckily, he still had a watch in his hand,
This was a gift from his father before he
died, Nick cherished it very much, but now
he has had no choice, so he had to sell the
watch and take a stolen car back,
As soon as he arrived in the United States,
he returned home, Nick got the news that his
brother Sean was put in a mental hospital,
and his own big villa was seized, Nick took
a hot shower and then found a pistol as a
weapon, With his brother Sean locked up in
a mental hospital, Nick suddenly realizes
that there is no one else in the world who
can help him, He used to think he was rich
and powerful, but now he realizes he actually
has nothing, Finally, Nick thinks of his ex-wife,
she lent Nick her car despite the past, Deep
inside the heart, Nick felt infinite guilt
towards his ex-wife, and he wanted to say
sorry to her, Just then, a commercial actor
on TV caught Nick's attention, This person
was actually the receptionist of the game
company Jim, Jim's turned out to be an actor,According
to this clue, Nick soon found Jim, he directly
pulled out a pistol to coerce Jim to take
himself to find the person behind the crime,
Jim took Nick to the headquarters of the game
company, and they found the entire building
is the property of the game company,
The company's new headquarters is full of
people, they wear the costumes of all lifes
as if they’re ready to act, Nick saw Nana
in a corner, and he quietly went over and
directly took Nana as hostage with a gun,
With the discovery of the security guards,
regardless of Nana's death, raise the gun
to shoot Nick, Nick took Nana all the way
to the rooftop, and then locked the door to
the rooftop, Now he is taking his revenge
with Nana; Nana once again claimed that everything
was really just a game, Nick's money was still
in the account, all the shootings were all
blanks and firecrackers faked out for special
effects, everything was an elaborate design
by the company, And Nick's brother and colleagues
have prepared him for a birthday party, How
could Nick ever believe in this?
Just then, the people inside began to cut
the door lock with a chainsaw, Nick suspected
that behind the door was a group of loaded
killers, and he turned his gun to prepare
for the last wave, Nana was completely panicked,
She reassures Nick while telling the people
behind the door through the walkie-talkie
in her hand not to act rashly because Nick
has a real gun in his hand, but it's too late,
The door opened at the same time, Nick also
pulled the trigger, and after a gunshot, Sean,
who was surrounded by the crowd, fell to the
ground dead from the gunshot,
the only family member actually died under
Nick’s own gun, Nick was heart-broken, In
a daze, he went the rooftop and jumped from
the roof, just like what his father did, In
the few seconds he fell, his mind recalled
his childhood, He remembered his father's
smiling arms around himself, remembered his
open arms hugging his brother who was still
a baby, A few seconds later, Nick fell heavily
but he didn't die, Instead of a hard floor,
he was greeted by a soft, giant air cushion,
In front of him was a lively party scene,
and it was his own birthday party, This is
exactly his own birthday party, Sean came
through the crowd and sincerely offered birthday
wishes to his brother, It seems that the brother's
fake death and Nick's jump were both game
sessions designed by the game company, He
was not angry when he learned the final truth,
and when he jumped down, he was reborn, The
shadow of his father's suicide seemed to have
dissipated in his mind, and he began to realize
that earning money is not the only thing in
life,
Perhaps the relationship between people is
the code for long-term happiness, This is
probably the breakdown therapy in the mental
theroy, At the end of the story, the brother
pays a huge amount of money for Nick to end
this thrilling psychological game, Nick also
catches up with Nana, who is ready to leave
at the last minute, to extend an invitation
to her for a date, and new life has just begun,
After shooting Seven, director David Fincher
became a legend and has launched The Game,
Fight Club, Panic Room, Zodiac, and many other
classic suspense thrillers, However, some
fans believe that the final reversal of this
film seems redundant, It would have felt better
if it had ended with a sad ending of Nick
jumping to his death,
Okay!
That’s all for today, If you like FILM TIME,
a movie recapped channel, don't forget to
subscribe and leave messagel!
See you next time,